[theme song starts]
[digital typing and beeping]
♪ Here we are, going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
[digital whirring and beeping]
BAD CONNECTION
[Ulrich] Odd, knock it off,
and open this door right now!
[Jeremy] Stern, what are you doing
walking around half naked?
[Ulrich] Very funny.
That's a pretty awful imitation of Delmas.
It wasn't Delmas. It was Jim.
[all laugh]
But what are you dressed like that for?
I've been out here for 15 minutes.
Odd refuses to open up.
-But how come?
-Who knows? He won't even answer me.
Let me handle it.
Odd, if you don't open up
this door right now,
you can forget about
my portion of meatballs!
Nice try, but it's not going to work.
-[lock rattles]
-[Jeremy nods]
Never fails.
[Jeremy] After you, sir.
What's wrong with you, Odd.
Is it because of your film?
[Odd] Yes. I mean, no.
It's not the first time
a film of mine will be screened
-for an audience of ignoramuses.
-Then, what's wrong?
My parents are in town,
and they're coming to see my film.
-That's really nice of them.
-[Odd] No, it stinks.
You didn't have a fight with them?
No, just the opposite.
What is it then?
[Odd] A weird relationship problem.
Teenagers are always having
lots of conflicts with their parents,
generation gap, except for one: me.
My mother and father are always cool
and understanding.
-They're perfect.
-[Ulrich] Bummer.
I'll trade yours for mine anytime.
[Odd] If only there was something
that we could fight over,
so I could finally be a normal adolescent!
What a major drag.
I really feel sorry for you, Odd.
-We can feel your pain.
-That's right.
I wouldn't want to be in your shoes.
I knew I couldn't expect you
to understand.
[theme music]
Cheer up. With luck,
they'll hate your film.
Yeah, that would be too good to be true.
-[Mr. Della Robbia] How's it going?
-Couldn't be better.
[laughs]
Odd, it's really so good to see you.
And you look wonderful.
You've still got that great appetite?
[nods]
And these must be your friends.
Odd talks a lot about you.
-How do you do.
-Hello, sir.
-Hello.
We're really delighted
to meet you all at last.
This is a present for you.
You can wear it to the screening.
Why don't you try it on?
Okay, but later.
I'm much too busy right now.
Guess he's a uptight
because of the screening.
That's understandable.
After all, it is a premiere.
[Mr. Delmas] You're absolutely right,
Odd is undeniably talented.
He's very creative, intelligent.
He participates orally in class, but--
It's true, he is intelligent.
When he was barely two years old,
he managed to completely take apart
his uncle's stereo.
[Mrs. Della Robbia]
I'm sure if he were four at the time,
he would have been able
to put it back together.
Is that so?
I happen to be quite
an electronics buff myself, and…
Well, I…
[clears throat]
As I was saying,
your son has many fine qualities, but--
[Mrs. Della Robbia]
You needn't tell us that.
He's got qualities coming out of his ears!
He eats well.
He has a wonderful sense of humor.
[Mr. Della Robbia]
Even when it's not funny.
[Mrs. Della Robbia]
He's a daredevil on a skateboard,
and he has an excellent ear for music too.
[Mr. Delmas] Undoubtedly.
No doubt about it, no. However--
If he wanted to,
Odd could be at the head of his class,
but he's just too modest for that.
-[Mr. Delmas sighs]
-[Mrs. Della Robbia] You were saying?
No, nothing.
[Mrs. Della Robbia]
You've been very reassuring.
You know better than I do
that young people today
don't work hard enough at school.
That's true.
They have trouble concentrating.
Well, we don't want to keep you
any longer, Mr. Delmas.
-You must have a lot of work to do.
-[Mr. Delmas] Yes.
[parents] Good-bye.
[door closes]
[digital blipping]
[Mr. Delmas chuckles]
[door opens]
[Sissi] What's the matter
with this piece of junk?
[Mr. Delmas] Something wrong?
Yes, it stopped working!
It did? I paid a lot of money for that.
I told you to buy the higher priced model!
[foot tapping]
Elisabeth, Let me have a look at it.
I'll fix it for you in no time.
-You know how to do that?
-[Mr. Delmas] Of course.
I have a true gift
for delicate work like this.
When I was your age,
my nickname was Mr. Circuit Breaker--
-Fixer, that is.
-[plastic snaps]
-[Sissi] Oh!
-Is this thing still under warranty?
Sissi, hold on!
Good evening. There are some empty seats
in the first row.
Uh, we'll have a large popcorn, please.
Oh, sorry, I don't have any.
But I just might have half a box
of Nibblejacks lying around somewhere
in my room.
-I was only kidding.
-Oh yeah, sure.
So was I.
I'm putting it to sleep.
Odd would kill me if the Superscan
went off in the middle of his film.
There's not much chance
that XANA would launch an attack
during the three minutes the film lasts.
[chuckles]
Hey, Sissi, what's the matter?
You don't look so great.
Odd has made fun of me
in every single one of his films!
-[laughing] Yeah, that's right.
-Keep laughing, Nicolas,
and the whole school's gonna find out
what happened to Mrs. Hertz's hamsters!
Okay, I'll stop.
-But where is Odd?
-I have no idea.
I'd better go see if I can find him.
Very well, now we can begin.
[clears throat]
Welcome cinema lovers,
to this special screening
of Mandibles and Purple Mauve,
the latest creation
of our own Odd Della Robbia.
Please do forgive me
for not having seen this work yet.
I understand, however,
that the film cleverly combines fiction
with documentary,
truth in short.
But, in the end, what is truth?
Where could he have gone?
[phone ringing]
What are you doing there?
[shushes]
Quiet, you'll give me away.
This is ridiculous.
Your parents are looking for you.
I know. I'm stressed out enough.
I've got the answer to your problem.
Get off your butt
and get to a seat inside!
[Odd] You think so?
[Ulrich nods]
[tapping]
[clears throat]
Right.
But why don't we all listen now
to the film maker himself
about his latest work.
Odd, you have the floor!
[theme music]
[whooshing]
[tense music]
[electrical sparking]
[Odd] Hello, first of all,
I would like to--
[phone ringing]
We'll start the screening as soon as
the director's father returns.
[Mr. Della Robbia]
Hello? Is this some sort of a joke?
[electrical sparking]
[grunting]
Who was it, darling?
Why don't you keep quiet
and stop batting your eyes
at that old goat?
What? Let's not fly off the handle here!
You're the fly that needs handling.
I'm onto your game!
Have you lost your mind, darling?
I prefer losing my mind to having yours!
Here, it's for you.
[electrical sparking]
Yes, hello? What is it now?
[phones ringing]
Since when do you keep your cell phones on
in a movie theater? Huh?
Hey, take the wax out
of your ears and listen!
[ringing]
[chuckles]
-Mommy, is that you?
-[electrical sparking]
If it's okay with everyone, we can begin.
What does that little brat want?
Maybe he wants us
to shut his trap for him!
It wouldn't do him any harm!
Something is going on,
and I don't like the looks of it.
[alarm beeping]
Just what I was afraid of:
an activated tower!
It looks like XANA is using cell phones.
If you get a call,
whatever you do, don't answer.
[tense music]
Look at that coward,
slinking away like a little rat!
Are we going to let
that snot nose take off like that?
[crowd angrily shout] No!
Hey, it's not very polite to sneak off
like a thief in the night, you know.
He needs to learn a little respect
whether he likes it or not.
[all shout] Yeah!
There's no need to get all worked up.
I'll give each of you an autograph.
He deserves to be taught a lesson,
doesn't he?
[all] Yeah!
I vote for voting against him.
Oh, man.
Don't just stand there like a bunch
of house plants. Go on, hurry.
After him!
[tense music]
Well, are we looking for
a little spanking?
-There he is!
-This time, he's not gonna get away!
[all shouting angrily]
Keep up the pace.
We're gonna get him this time!
What's wrong with everyone?
Is it something they ate?
Odd, my boy,
how would you like a loving spoonful?
Thanks, Rosa, but I'm not very hungry.
[theme music]
What's he doing? Where is he?
I thought he was behind us.
He must have been held up by his fan club.
I'll check out what's happening
by locating their cell phones.
-[click]
-[digital blipping]
-Okay, I found him.
-Where is he?
Take a guess.
[panting]
[sniffing]
[chewing]
Hmm… Meatballs!
Come to think of it, I am hungry.
It looks pretty bad for him.
He's totally surrounded.
-We've gotta rescue him.
-How? The whole school's out to get him.
It'd be faster
if we deactivated the tower.
That's what we've gotta do.
Head for the scanner room.
You're going in now.
Let's hope that Odd can play for time.
Gravy? There isn't enough gravy!
[elevator whirring]
[airlock seals]
-[click]
-Scanner Aelita.
[low humming]
-[airlock seals]
-Scanner Yumi.
-[click]
-[low humming]
Scanner Ulrich.
Virtualization.
[electrical sparking]
The tower in front of you,
at the end of the path.
Any suggestions, Einstein?
Like a ladder maybe.
Without vehicles forget about it.
You could have virtualized us
at the summit.
Sorry, but there's a bug.
I couldn't do any better.
[clicking]
Now I can't even bring up your vehicles.
XANA threw a virus into the program.
All I can get you is the overwing.
Send it anyway. It'll have to do.
[Jeremy] Coming up.
Wanna keep me company?
Okay, let's go.
[vehicle zooms]
[Manta screeches]
[lasers blasting]
[sword slicing]
[Ulrich screams]
Ulrich!
-[laser blasts]
-[Yumi screams]
Just in time. Thanks, Ulrich.
[laser blasting]
[Aelita] Energy field!
-[blasts]
-[explosion]
[Manta screeches]
[theme music]
[Herb] He's gotta be in here somewhere!
Don't worry.
Watch, I'm gonna sweep him away!
He'll be biting the dust
when we get through with him!
Hey, Nicolas.
Thought you could hide from us, huh?
[Odd] Lunchtime!
You can't touch me! I'm invulnerable,
thanks to my shield. Go on, keep trying.
-[metal clangs]
-[Nicolas groans]
That is awful, wasting perfectly good food
on a vegetable like him.
Ah-ha, alone at last!
-[metal clangs]
-[Sissi giggles]
Incredible, huh?
What is happening? It looks like everyone
at school has gone crazy!
It's because of the cell phones.
How come you haven't gone bananas too?
[Sissi] 'Cause my phone's a piece of junk.
[Jim] The one place we haven't checked
from top to bottom is the lunchroom!
-Let's split!
-[growls]
There he is!
But what is my daughter doing
with that little scoundrel?
He must've forced her to be on his side!
Children become monsters
when they're not instilled
with a sense of discipline!
[all shouting angrily]
Jeremy, what are you waiting for?
Reprogram the overwing!
It's not working.
-I'll try the overboard.
-[alarm beeping]
[sighs]
I've got a problem!
-[Yumi] You're not the only one! Hurry up!
-[laser blasting]
[Manta screeching]
[explosion]
Nice one, Aelita!
I can't hold on any longer!
[both scream]
[ethereal music]
Yes!
[tense music]
[Sissi and Odd panting]
[Odd] Whew! Here at least,
we might have a little peace.
[gardener] Peace, huh?
Eternal peace is what you'll get!
[Odd and Sissi screaming]
You okay?
Yeah, thanks, Aelita.
Oh! Just great.
Jeremy, what's happening with Odd's board?
[Jeremy] It's loading,
but it'll take time.
-We could try to climb up.
-The rock face is much too smooth.
We'd never make it.
Still scared of heights, huh?
[laser blasts]
[all shouting angrily]
[Odd]
You can't get good gardeners nowadays.
I do not think it's a very good idea
to frighten these poor children
with your garden tools, sir.
Well, that's a pity!
Rest assured,
we're not the type of parents
who would ever shirk
their responsibilities.
We promised you a fitting punishment,
and you're going to get it!
I promise never to complain
about not having conflicts
with my parents again!
[lasers firing]
Looks like shell fish are back in season.
Yeah, welcoming us with open claws.
[Aelita] Okay, I'm on it.
[blasts]
[laser charging and fires]
I'm gonna try something.
[Ulrich shouts] Yumi!
[groans]
[robotic clanking]
[alarm beeping]
Yumi, you just lost
forty life points, you hear?
Yeah, and I can feel it too.
I'll try my best not to take another hit.
-[laser blasts]
-[gasps]
[robotic whirring]
[airlock releases]
Oh, what an idiot I am!
[theme music]
[lasers blasting]
Energy field!
[gasps]
I don't believe this!
[lasers blasting]
Jeremy, we're not getting anywhere here.
[Jeremy] I'm almost there.
[digital blipping]
Yeah! Ulrich,
overboard in two or three seconds!
[lasers blasting]
[Ulrich] It's about time!
Here I go.
Wow! How does Odd manage
to pilot this thing?
He's not afraid of falling.
I'm afraid.
[Odd] Anything but this!
[Mr. Della Robbia]
Trust us. It's for your own good.
Just a little step forward
and you won't be afraid anymore.
Obey for once in your life!
Don't we get a last request?
They do have the right to that.
I'd like one last club sandwich
with organic mayo.
Okay, one club sandwich,
but forget the organic mayo.
And I would like a purple parachute
to go with my top.
Okay, okay, time out.
Last requests are gonna have to wait
until later.
[Sissi whimpers]
[action music]
[lasers blasting]
[Aelita groans]
[Ulrich shouts] Aelita!
-[blast]
-[sword slicing]
[explosion]
[Jeremy] Hurry up, Aelita.
The coast is clear!
[ethereal music]
I think these children could use
a little parental guidance.
Absolutely.
[Sissi whimpers]
[ethereal music]
Let's get this over with.
[digital blipping]
What are we doing up here?
Tower deactivated.
[Sissi gasps]
You know better than to get so close
to the edge, don't you?
Oh yeah? I wonder who could have pushed me
to the edge?
[Jeremy] Return to the past now.
[Odd] And here we have a splendid specimen
of a dung beetle.
[all laugh]
[laughs]
And now, we have a magnificent
field grasshopper.
[all laugh]
Oh, he's saving the worst for last!
[Odd] But what could
this strange creature be?
A spring roll?
No, no, it's an enormous larva.
[laughing]
[Odd] A caterpillar,
metamorphosing into a lovely butterfly.
[Sissi] Huh?
[giggles nervously]
[theme music]